Update integrations.md (#1157)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/manage/integrations.md

title: Manage integrations
enableTableOfContents: true
isDraft: false
updatedOn: '2023-11-03T11:47:31.853Z'
---

> The **Integrations** page in the Neon Console provides an interface for managing third-party integrations with your Neon project. Through Neon's supported integrations, you can optimize and extend Neon's functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Integrations** page in the Neon Console provides a hub for managing third-party integrations with your Neon project. Use these integrations to optimize and extend Neon's functionality and streamline your workflow.
```

Reviewer: Added a little bit about "streamline your workflow" to capture that these integrations may have larger overall goals. There may be better wording, depending on the range of upcoming integrations.
